The following is a text-chat interview with L3pht, one of ******'s Security Team Members.

Interviewer-D_g45, aka Admin

Admin: So, tell us about yourself.
L3pht: I am an out-of-the-closet pedophile. I also work as a security consultant to an IT company, irl. There are thousands of course so I still am anonymous.

Admin: So what exactly do you do on the job?

L3pht: I go into corporate databases and secure Windows Operating Systems to be tamperproof. Sometimes, I also help the corporations securely
delete files, harden security, and do other things as well. It gets a bit technical and less graphical. :)

Admin: Are there any tips that you can give the Freenet pedo community?

L3pht: Sure. The first thing, never trust Freenet to be entirely secure. Deep down somewhere, the US Gov't or another Fed Dept have already exploited some
unknown hole. Happens all the time, especially with Fuck-ro-soft. 

Admin: You mean, Microsoft?

L3pht: Yeah. They have more problems than solutions, especially with Windows XP backdoors. I hear that they denied the local US police with backdoors in 
Vista. I dunno if that still makes me feel safer. 

Admin: So, how does a home Windows user go about securing their 'rig' from law enforcement officials?

L3pht: Home user? Well, for one thing, they should get PeerGuardian2 as a start. That blocks some law enforcement ip addresses. A good trusted firewall
like Norton Internet Security to block malicious attacks. Of course, there are RSA firewalls that can be used, but not for personal use.

Admin: Why some ip addresses and not all?

L3pht: Simple. If I was Lawerence Osbourne of the FBI CyberTask Force and I wanted a suspected pedo address, it would make sense for me to use my home 
connection that isn't associated with the Agency to track this guy down. PG2 will block my Agency ips but not my home ip, which makes me look like a normal
user.

Admin: What else can we learn?

L3pht: Encrypting an entire hard-disk goes a long way in terms of security. Get Vista Ultimate. It has BitLocker which encrypts your entire hard-disk. 
Or better yet, PGP Desktop. Ever hear about the ChoicePoint scandal? Some idiot forgot to secure his hard-drive and now hackers stole a ton of personal info 
off the hard-disk. It was the biggest data breach in a very long time. In a way, that incident gave rise to the company I work for. I recommend AES 256 bit 
encryption.

Admin: What else?

L3pht: Wire your front door with a hidden camera. You can get one from homesecuritystore.com or another place. When you see the feds show up, destroy all of
your childporn or you will be finished.

Admin: What are the best ways to "destroy it all"?

L3pht: For CD's, microwave them for as long as you can. Nuke your computer hard-drive with this little program. Use the DBAN (google it) prgm to wipe your 
hard-drive using a floppy or throw some magnets on it while there is power on. Take camera cards and throw them in a fireplace or drop them in the bleach
container and quickly add ammonia (don't breathe it in and seal it). USB sticks, rip a 9-volt battery from your alarm clock with the wires. Then without 
touching metal, touch the pins on the USB stick with both wires. Instant corruption.

Admin: Wow. You do your homework. I know the last parts you got from the Anarchist Cookbook, but overall, you did a good job outlying strategies to better
protect and secure yourself from the Gov't. The front door camera is too extreme. Just always have a backup plan or a secret safe with all other childporn
info on it secured leaving out your hard-drive. Remember, it's survival of the fittest in this world and watchout, they will be asking your children about
your activities and possibly test the females for oddities. One last piece of advice. Don't post their faces on the web or else they will use that as evidence.
Wait about 20 years to post those.
